Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-unit-viii-homework
<br>
For this homework assignment, complete the following projects, which involve navigating within Microsoft Access and using several of the fundamental features. Complete Project 1-3: Creating a customer database using a template on page 858. Follow the instructions, and save the database as Customer Contacts. Complete Project 1-4: Creating a new database and adding tables on page 858. Follow the instructions, and save the database as Project X. Complete Project 2-1: Creating a new table in Design view on page 876. Click here to access the Northwind_Traders_Tables file, and save it as Project2-1_done. Complete Project 2-2: Editing a table in Datasheet view on page 876. Click here to access the Northwind_Traders_Tables database, and save it as Project2-2_done. ITC 3001, Personal Computer Fundamentals 6 *Please note that while opening the database files for this assignment, pop-up windows will appear stating that a “missing or broken reference” to a file exists and you must fix it. Click “OK” for each of the pop-up windows before accessing the databases and completing the assignment. There is no need to fix the indicated reference Note: Mac users can install a trial version of Parallels Desktop 10 for Mac. Doing so allows Mac users to complete the assignment in Unit VIII that requires Microsoft Access. Use the following link to access and download a trial version of Parallels: <a href="http://trial.parallels.com/" rel="nofollow">http://trial.parallels.com/.</a> Please be informed that in order to download and use Parallels, Microsoft Windows is required. Be sure to save and upload all four (4) files in Blackboard for grading. Click here to access a brief tutorial on uploading more than one file for one assignment. Information about accessing the Blackboard Grading Rubric for this assignment is provided below.